<h2>Calvin College Intramurals</h2>

Calvin College Intramurals is a vital student organization that gives students opportunities to compete in various sports leagues without the stress and time commitment of varsity teams. However, the current system of intramurals including registration, updates, and notifications is messy, disorganized, and difficult to use. Therefore, Calvin Intramurals could benefit greatly from a website that will simplify its system and promote more user interaction with the intramural program.
	
The Gr8 webservice will enable easier regisrtation and foster stronger communication between players and administrators. It will be optimized for mobile so that players can use it on the go. It will allow for simple ‘one-click’ registration as opposed to the messy Google form system used currently, as well as adding features that will allow the user to view current league standings, and send instant feedback to administrators. Administrators will have access to change the sports schedules and update standings for others to see. This all-encompassing intramural application will bring simplification and user-satisfaction to the Calvin College Intramural organization.
	
Since this website would be specific to Calvin College, there are no competing websites for this problem. However, looking at the app/mobile market, there is an app called REC*IT, which is an intramural based service. This app does include many of the same features such as league standings, schedules, notifications, and an easy registration method. However, our website will not have advertisements throughout it, and it applies to the specific needs of Calvin specifically, using a database owned and maintained by Calvin students. 
